1. A Neural Network

Ans:
A. usually performs better when trained with datasets of the "appropriate" size, which is usually large.
B. is a method for classification
C. finds piece-wise linear boundaries that separate data items that belong to different classes
D. is usually slow to train, even more when it has many layers with many units.
E. are suitable to identify appropriate features in the data


False:
A. usually have a non-hierarchical structure
B. finds boundaries linear that separate data items that belong to different classes
C. requires that good features have already been identified for the data
D. accurately models the behavior of the neural networks in the human brain






2. A ReLU unit in a Neural Network
Ans:
A. Activates the unit output so that it transfers the input to the output when the input is positive, otherwise the output is 0
B. In combination with the linear weight of the inputs and the bias, splits the inputs into points that are at one side of a boundary or at the other side.


False:
A. Activates the unit output so that it transfers the input to the output when the input is between 0-1, otherwise the output is 0
B. In combination with the linear weight of the inputs and the bias, splits the inputs into points that are outside a band at both sides of a boundary.





3. The cost function of a NN
Ans:
A. has a loss component
B. is used to find the parameters that minimizes it by exploring its gradient through Stochastic Gradient Descent
C. has a regularization component whose parameter \lambdaλ is used to reduce weights and is found through cross-validation


False:
A. is exactly the same as the one used in the Support Vector Machine
B. has no similarity with the one used in the Support Vector Machine





4. In a deep neural network
Ans:
A. there is a sequence, or stack, of layers
B. different layers may have different types of units
C. there usually is one input layer, several hidden layers and one output layer with the softmax function
D. negative effects due to redundant units can be prevented through dropout, 
which allows the network to be robust to redundant units that may be ignored at some layer



False:
A. all the layers have to be of the same type
B. redundant units have no negative impact when training the network





5. Backpropagation is an algorithm that
Ans:
A. has a backward pass where the gradient of the loss is propagated from the output towards the input
B. has a forward pass to propagate inputs to the output
C. searches for the parameters that reduce the loss at the output of a unit (every unit) through stochastic gradient descent


False:
A. has a backward pass to propagate inputs to the output
B. has a forward pass where the gradient of the loss is propagated from the output towards the input






6. A softmax layer in a Neural Network
Ans:
A. Is connected the output of nonlinear units to provide outputs with estimate of the probability of the input to belong to that class
B. Is a generalization of the sigmoid function to NN dimensions, where NN is the number of classes, and outputs in the layer
C. Balances the probabilities among all the outputs in the unit so they sum 1


False:
A. has an output encoded as a one-hot vector with one code per class
B. has an output of 1 for the class with the maximum probability and 0 for all the other classes





7. When applying Stochastic Gradient Descent to train a Neural Networks
Ans:
A. training is split into epochs where only a subset of the dataset (called minibatch) is used
B. the step size or learning rate is reduced as the epochs increase
C. one option for parameter initialization is to make them random values with a small standard deviation and ensure that not all of them are 0
D. it is useful to preprocess the inputs so that they have zero mean and unit standard deviation



False:
A. the initial values of the parameters have no impact on training performance
B. the initial values of the parameters have to have unit standard deviation
C. the parameters have to be reset to random values after each training epoch in order to ensure a uniform exploration of the space







