1. A Boltzmann Machine
Ans:
A. has a probability distribution with a very large number of possible hidden values 
which are computationally too expensive to compute in many practical applications

B. has only binary hidden values

C. is a particular case of Discrete Markov Random Fields



False:
A. restricts connections from observable nodes to only one to some hidden node
B. is a particular case of a Markov Chain Model that generalizes the Markov property to many states



2. A Discrete Markov Random Field

Ans:
A. extends the Boltzmann Machine to allow for discrete values for the nodes


False:
A. extends the Boltzmann Machine to meet the Markov Property




3. Mean Field Inference
Ans:
A. uses a simpler probability distribution than the one in the original model
B. aims to maximize the intensity in the connections between adjacent nodes
C. finds an approximate solution to maximize the posterior probability of the hidden values in the model conditioned on the observations
D. reduces the search space by taking advantage of the neighborhood structure of the hidden values


False:
A. is different to the Maximum A Posteriori Inference only in that it is not a Dynamic Programming approach
B. is different to Variational Inference in that it uses the original probability distribution of the graphical model




4. KL divergence
Ans:
A. allows to maximize the likelihood of a dataset under one distribution by minimizing the KL divergence between the two distributions
B. between two distributions QQ and PP is minimized by minimizing the variational free energy under probability QQ
C. is used to develop a tractable distribution to apply Variational Inference
D. measures the dissimilarity between two distributions


False:
A. between two distributions QQ and PP is minimized by maximizing the variational free energy under probability QQ
B. allows to maximize the likelihood of a dataset under one distribution by maximizing the KL divergence between the two distributions
C. meets the triangle inequality that is one of the conditions for it to be a metric




